# packages in environment at /home/seton/envs/velocyto:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.3.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.8            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.10.8        py39hf3d152e_2    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.28          py39h5a03fae_2    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.8                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               h8e229c2_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.33.3           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h0708190_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h73d1719_1008    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.18.5               hf529b03_3    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.18.5               h9f60fe5_3    conda-forge
h5py                      3.6.0           nompi_py39h7e08c79_100    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.1          nompi_h2386368_104    conda-forge
htslib                    1.15.1               h9753748_0    bioconda
icu                       68.2                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h7f98852_2003    conda-forge
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.2            py39hf939315_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  11.1.0          default_ha53f305_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.0               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.10                 h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0              h1d223b6_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            11.2.0              h69a702a_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.2.0              h5c6108e_16    conda-forge
libglib                   2.70.2               h174f98d_4    conda-forge
libgomp                   11.2.0              h1d223b6_16    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           11_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm11                 11.1.0               hf817b99_3    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h727a467_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.17          pthreads_h8fe5266_1    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libpq                     13.5                 hd57d9b9_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0              he4da1e4_16    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                h542a066_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.2                h3452ae3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               h72842e0_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            h166bdaf_1014    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.38.0           py39h7d9a04d_1    conda-forge
loompy                    3.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.2            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.2            py39h700656a_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.0.7                      py_1    bioconda
mysql-common              8.0.29               haf5c9bc_0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.29               h28c427c_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.32                 h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
nss                       3.77                 h2350873_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.55.1           py39h66db6d7_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.21.6           py39h18676bf_0    conda-forge
numpy-groupies            0.9.16                   pypi_0    pypi
openjpeg                  2.4.0                hb52868f_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1o               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pillow                    9.1.0            py39hae2aec6_2    conda-forge
pip                       22.0.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py39hf3d152e_8    conda-forge
pyqt-impl                 5.12.3           py39hde8b62d_8    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18          py39he80948d_8    conda-forge
pyqtchart                 5.12             py39h0fcd23e_8    conda-forge
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1           py39h0fcd23e_8    conda-forge
pysam                     0.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.9.12          h9a8a25e_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.1                   pypi_0    pypi
qt                        5.12.9               hda022c4_4    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.15.1               h1170115_0    bioconda
scikit-learn              1.0.2            py39h4dfa638_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.8.0            py39hee8e79c_1    conda-forge
setuptools                62.2.0           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.38.5               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39hb9d737c_3    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
velocyto                  0.17.17                  pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h166bdaf_1014    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                ha95c52a_0    conda-forge
